To contribute to Todo.txt CLI, *fork "the repository":http://github.com/ginatrapani/todo.txt-cli/tree/master* and make your changes, including tests. *Then issue a pull request* via GitHub to submit your changes for review and possible inclusion in the master. Big or disruptive changes are best discussed on the "mailing list":http://groups.yahoo.com/group/todotxt/ first. 

* [[Creating Add-ons: Examples]]
* [[Using the Makefile]]
* "Known Bugs":http://github.com/ginatrapani/todo.txt-cli/issues

h2. Contributing patches and enhancements via Git / GitHub

h3. Initial Fork

You need to register on GitHub first - it's free and quick to do. After registering, you need to add your SSH public keys to be able to push your changes to your repository. On the "Todo.txt GitHub pages":http://github.com/ginatrapani/todo.txt-cli/tree/master, click the __Fork this project__ button. This will create your personal fork git@github.com:username/projectname.git. 

On your dev system, install Git and clone your repository: 

<pre>
git clone git@github.com:username/todo.txt-cli.git
git remote add upstream git://github.com/maintainer/todo.txt-cli.git
git fetch upstream
</pre>

h3. Publishing Changes

<pre>
git add ...
git commit ...
git push origin master
</pre>

The changes now appear in your repository in your GitHub clone; you'll see the commits listed in the GitHub web interface. You can now initiate a pull request by clicking the __Pull Request__ button. 

h3. Pulling in Upstream

Some time has passed, the upstream repo has changed and you want to update your fork before you submit a new patch. Do this to bring your dev system up-to-date: 

<pre>
git fetch upstream
git merge upstream/master
</pre>
