Here's how to install and run the Todo.txt CLI:

0. (Windows only:) "Download and install Cygwin":http://cygwin.com/install.html. Cygwin provides a Unix-environment for Windows; Todo.txt needs just the Bash shell and some common Unix tools, so a minimal installation will do just fine.

1. "Download the latest stable release of Todo.txt CLI":http://github.com/ginatrapani/todo.txt-cli/downloads (available as a ZIP or TAR archive) and extract it.
Mac users: There is a "Homebrew":http://mxcl.github.com/homebrew/ package for todo.txt - install using <code>brew install todo-txt</code>. There is also a "MacPorts":http://www.macports.org package - install with <code>port install todotxt</code>.

2. Open a command window. On Windows, this is _Cygwin Bash Shell_ (_not_ Command Prompt!); elsewhere, this is often called _Terminal_. It usually presents you with a @$@ prompt. @cd@ into the directory where you extracted todo.sh. Make the todo.sh script executable:

<pre>
      $ chmod +x todo.sh
</pre>

3. Type @./todo.sh@ to see the usage message. You're ready to go!  To start adding tasks, type @./todo.sh add "My new task"@

---

4. (Optional, since v 2.9:) Install the Bash completion, either system-wide, for all users:

<pre>
      $ sudo cp todo_completion /etc/bash_completion.d/todo
</pre>

_or_ put it somewhere in your home directory and source it from your @.bashrc@:

<pre>
      $ source todo_completion
</pre>

Now you can type @$ ./todo.sh ad<Tab>@ and Bash will autocomplete the action to @$ ./todo.sh add@. Any words that begin with + or @ will be completed using projects or contexts, respectively. Task numbers will append the task text as a shell comment.

Note: If you define an alias (e.g. @t@) to todo.sh, you need to explicitly enable completion for it, too (also put this into your @.bashrc@):

<pre>
      $ complete -F _todo t
</pre>

5. Want more? See the full list of configuration tweaks, enhancements and recommendations on the "Tips and Tricks":Tips-and-Tricks page.

6. Something missing? Todo.txt is extensible; many users have already written "custom add-ons":Todo.sh-Add-on-Directory.

7. Having problems? Have a look at the "Troubleshooting page":Troubleshooting, or ask on the friendly "mailing list":http://groups.yahoo.com/group/todotxt/.