List your Todo.sh add-ons here. Include a short description and a link to the GitHub repository or other location.

h3. Table of Contents

* Installation
** "How to install":#installation

* Filters
** "Future Tasks":#future-tasks

* New/Enhanced Actions
** "Add and do or prioritize in one step":#add-and-do--add-and-pri-in-one-step
** "Archive only selected done items":#archive-only-selected-done-items
** "Edit in a designated text editor":#edit-open-in-text-editor
** "cd - Display directory paths":#cd-display-directory-paths
** "nav - Open URLs in a web browser":#nav-open-items-url-in-browser
** "ac - Open activeCollab URLs in a web browser":#ac-activecollab-integration
** "birdseye - Project progress report":#birdseye-your-productivity-report
** "projectview - Group output by project":#projectview-sorts-tasks-by-projects
** "paper - Print your todo list":#paper-print-your-todo-list
** "commit - Record state in local Git repository":#commit-record-state-in-local-git-repository
** "push - Record state in a remote Git repository":#push-record-state-in-remote-git-repository
** "pull - Update local state from remote Git repository":#pull-update-local-state-from-remote-git-repository
** "sync - Sync state between local and remote Git repository":#sync-sync-state-between-local-and-remote-git-repository
** "rtm - Sync with Remember the Milk":#rtm-sync-with-remember-the-milk
** "schedule - Work with date threshold":#schedule-work-with-date-threshold
** "view - Summarized todo items report":#view-summarized-todo-items-report
** "lately - Report of recently completed tasks":#lately-report-of-recently-completed-tasks
** "repeat - Mark an item done and immediately reenter it":#repeat-mark-an-item-done-and-immediately-reenters-it
** "recur - Intelligently add recurring tasks":#recur-intelligently-add-recurring-tasks
** "google - Sync with Google Tasks":#google-sync-with-google-tasks
** "standup - Daily standup status":#standup-daily-standup-status
** "docs - Sync with Google Docs":#docs-sync-with-google-docs
** "mit - Most Important Task tracking":#mit-most-important-task
** "hey - a minimalist CRM":#hey-a-minimalist-crm
** "tmsa - commands to help working with dated todo files":#tmsa-commands-to-help-working-with-dated-todo-files
** "revive - re-add items from archive":#revive-re-add-items-from-archive
** "again - Complete and re-add tasks, updating due and deferral dates":#again-recurring-tasks-made-easy
** "top - Shows as many tasks as you can see in your terminal":#top-see-the-top-tasks
** "XP - print a readable guide of your accomplishments.":#xp--print-a-readable-guide-of-your-accomplishments
** "pri - change the priority of several tasks at once.":#pri--change-the-priority-of-several-tasks-at-once
** "rm - remove several tasks at once.":#rm--remove-several-tasks-at-once
** "addr - add task with the projects and contexts of the last added task.":#addr--add-task-with-the-projects-and-contexts-of-the-last-added-task
** "lsgc - prints tasks in columns organized by context":#lsgp--lsgc--prints-in-columns-organized-by-either-context-or-group
** "lsgp - prints tasks in columns organized by project":#lsgp--lsgc--prints-in-columns-organized-by-either-context-or-group
** "pomodori-todo - A pomodoro counter implementation for todo.txt":#pomodori-todotxt--a-pomodoro-counter-implementation-for-todotxt
** "outline- Plan with an outline, sync your next actions":#outline--plan-with-an-outline-sync-your-next-actions
** "note - Take notes related to tasks":#note--take-notes-related-to-tasks
** "donow - Activity time tracker":#donow--activity-time-tracker

h1(#installation). Installation

To learn how to install (and create) add-ons, see [[Creating and Installing Add-ons]].

h1. Filters

Since version 2.4, _todo.sh_ provides @TODOTXT_SORT_COMMAND@ and @TODOTXT_FINAL_FILTER@, which can be used to modify the list commands' output.

h2(#future-tasks). Future Tasks

Hide tasks containing a date threshold (@t:YYYY-MM-DD@) until the specified point in the future.

Note: The @date@ command "can be used":http://tech.groups.yahoo.com/group/todotxt/message/1843 to append date thresholds (e.g. @todo.sh append <#> "t:`date -d '1 day' +%F`"@).
The "schedule":http://github.com/FND/todo.txt-cli/blob/extensions/schedule extension provides a wrapper for this.

The @-x@ "option":http://tech.groups.yahoo.com/group/todotxt/message/2402 can be used to temporarily disable filtering and also display future tasks.

"Discussion thread":http://tech.groups.yahoo.com/group/todotxt/message/2296

"Project page":http://github.com/FND/todo.txt-cli/blob/extensions/futureTasks

"Download file":http://github.com/FND/todo.txt-cli/raw/extensions/futureTasks

h1. New or Enhanced Commands/Actions

h2(#add-and-do--add-and-pri-in-one-step). __add__ and __do__ / __add__ and __pri__ in one step

This is the example detailed here: [[Creating Add-ons: Examples]]

It allows to add an item and mark it as done in one shot with the following syntax:

 todo.sh add x Helping colleague to install linux

It also allows to set a priority when adding an item using the following syntax:

 todo.sh add pri A "Need to write plugin example on Gina's wiki"

"Project page":http://github.com/doegox/todo.txt-cli/blob/extras/todo.actions.d/add

"Download file":http://github.com/doegox/todo.txt-cli/raw/extras/todo.actions.d/add

Variations:
* __add__ and __do__  "Gina's addx":http://github.com/ginatrapani/todo.txt-cli/blob/addons/.todo.actions.d/addx
* __add__ and __pri__ "Gina's adda":http://github.com/ginatrapani/todo.txt-cli/blob/addons/.todo.actions.d/adda

h2(#archive-only-selected-done-items). Archive only selected done items

This allows to archive selectively one single item or a set of items matching a given keyword.
For example to archive all done items related to project1:

 todo.sh archive +project1

To archive item #17:

 todo.sh archive 17

Note that if the keyword is a number it is interpreted as an item number

"Project page":http://github.com/doegox/todo.txt-cli/blob/extras/todo.actions.d/archive

"Download file":http://github.com/doegox/todo.txt-cli/raw/extras/todo.actions.d/archive

h2(#edit-open-in-text-editor). __edit__: open in text editor

To open @$TODO_DIR/todo.txt@ in your default text editor (@$EDITOR@ environment variable):

 todo.sh edit

To open @$TODO_DIR/done.txt@:

 todo.sh edit done

"Project page":http://github.com/mbrubeck/todo.txt-cli/blob/master/todo.actions.d/edit

"Download file":http://github.com/mbrubeck/todo.txt-cli/raw/master/todo.actions.d/edit

Adaptations:
* "doegox":http://github.com/doegox/todo.txt-cli/blob/extras/todo.actions.d/edit
* "dhein":http://github.com/dhein/todo.txt-cli/blob/pub-addons/edit ("discussion thread":http://tech.groups.yahoo.com/group/todotxt/message/2153)
* "FND":http://github.com/fnd/todo.txt-cli/blob/extensions/edit ("discussion thread":http://tech.groups.yahoo.com/group/todotxt/message/2156)

h2(#cd-display-directory-paths). __cd__: display directory paths

Outputs the command necessary to change the current directory to the directory holding the todotxt files, the directory holding add-ons or the directory holding the configuiration file.

"Discussion thread":http://tech.groups.yahoo.com/group/todotxt/message/2153

"Project page":http://github.com/dhein/todo.txt-cli/blob/pub-addons/cd

"Download file":http://github.com/dhein/todo.txt-cli/raw/pub-addons/cd

h2(#nav-open-items-url-in-browser). __nav__: open item's URL in browser

 todo.sh add Should have a look at http://github.com/ginatrapani ASAP

TODO: 'Should have a look at http://github.com/ginatrapani ASAP' added on line 111.

 todo.sh nav 111

"Project page":http://github.com/doegox/todo.txt-cli/blob/extras/todo.actions.d/nav

"Download file":http://github.com/doegox/todo.txt-cli/raw/extras/todo.actions.d/nav

h2(#ac-activecollab-integration). __ac__: activeCollab integration

If activeCollab project/ticket info is associated with a task, open in the browser.

  todo.sh ac 12

"Project page":https://github.com/kostajh/todo.txt-ac

"Download file":https://raw.github.com/kostajh/todo.txt-ac/master/ac

h2(#commit-record-state-in-local-git-repository). __commit__: record state in local Git repository

Commit all changes to existing Git repository in @$TODO_DIR@.

"Discussion thread":http://tech.groups.yahoo.com/group/todotxt/message/2150

"Project page":http://github.com/fnd/todo.txt-cli/blob/extensions/commit

"Download file":http://github.com/fnd/todo.txt-cli/raw/extensions/commit

h2(#push-record-state-in-remote-git-repository). __push__: record state in remote Git repository

Push all changes in local state at @$TODO_DIR@ to an existing, remote Git repository.
Always pushes to origin master.

"Project page":https://github.com/crobinsonut/todo_distributed

"Download file":https://raw.github.com/crobinsonut/todo_distributed/master/push

h2(#pull-update-local-state-from-remote-git-repository). __pull__: update local state from remote Git repository

Fetch and merge all changes from an existing, remote Git repository into @$TODO_DIR@.
Fetches from origin, merges from origin/master into master.

"Project page":https://github.com/crobinsonut/todo_distributed

"Download file":https://raw.github.com/crobinsonut/todo_distributed/master/pull

h2(#sync-sync-state-between-local-and-remote-git-repository). __sync__: sync state between local and remote Git repository

Keeps local Git repository in @$TODO_DIR@ in sync with remote Git repository at origin.
Requires the "commit":#commit-record-state-in-local-git-repository, "pull":#pull-update-local-state-from-remote-git-repository and "push":#push-record-state-in-remote-git-repository addons.

"Project page":https://github.com/crobinsonut/todo_distributed

"Download file":https://raw.github.com/crobinsonut/todo_distributed/master/sync

h2(#birdseye-your-productivity-report). __birdseye__: your productivity report

A Python script @birdseye.py@ (called with the @birdseye@ action) analyzes the @todo.txt@ and @done.txt@ files to generate a report of completed and incomplete items in every context and project.  (Requires Python and both @birdseye.py@ and @birdseye@ files to run.)

"Project Page":http://github.com/ginatrapani/todo.txt-cli/tree/addons

h2(#paper-print-your-todo-list). __paper__: print your todo list

This will print your todo list:

 todo.sh paper

Also you can choose your printer:

 todo.sh paper -d 'Canon-MP240'

Requires CUPS.

"Project page":http://github.com/matthewbauer/todo.txt-cli/blob/master/actions/paper

"Download file":http://github.com/matthewbauer/todo.txt-cli/raw/master/actions/paper

h2(#projectview-sorts-tasks-by-projects). __projectview__: sorts tasks by projects

List tasks categorized by project.

Example:
<pre>
<code>
 ===== Projects =====

 --- Project1 ---
 01 item 1 

 --- Project2 ---
 02 item 2 
 04 item 4 

 --- Not in projects ---
 03 item3

</code>
</pre>

"Discussion thread":http://tech.groups.yahoo.com/group/todotxt/message/2333

"Project page":http://github.com/the1ts/todo.txt-plugins/blob/master/README.projects
"Download file":http://github.com/the1ts/todo.txt-plugins/raw/master/actions/projectview/projectview

h2(#rtm-sync-with-remember-the-milk). __rtm__: sync with Remember the Milk

Supports push and pull, but it still needs some work.

This will push to Remember the Milk:

 todo.sh rtm push

This will pull from Remember the Milk:

 todo.sh rtm pull

You will need a web browser to accept the 

"Project page":http://github.com/matthewbauer/todo.txt-cli/blob/master/actions/rtm

"Download file":http://github.com/matthewbauer/todo.txt-cli/raw/master/actions/rtm

h2(#schedule-work-with-date-threshold). __schedule__: work with date threshold

Set, remove or change date threshold of an item. Works best together with the __Future Tasks__ filter. 

"Project page":http://github.com/FND/todo.txt-cli/blob/extensions/schedule

"Download file":http://github.com/FND/todo.txt-cli/raw/extensions/schedule

h2(#view-summarized-todo-items-report). __view__: Summarized todo items report

Show todo items containing TERM, grouped by OPTION, and displayed in  priority order. If no TERM provided, displays entire todo.txt. The original idea and script is derived from projectview by Paul.

Example:
  $ todo.sh view project                 # Show todo items grouped by project
  $ todo.sh view project @context  # Show todo items grouped by project and filtered by @context
  $ todo.sh view date +project        # Show todo items grouped by date and filtered by +project
  $ todo.sh view after                    # Show todo items  grouped by date after and with today.
  $ todo.sh view before                  # Show todo items  grouped by date before and with today.
  $ todo.sh view before  +project   # Show todo items  grouped by date before and with today and filtered by +project

"Discussion thread":http://tech.groups.yahoo.com/group/todotxt/message/2750
"Project page":http://github.com/markwu/todo-cli-plugins
"Download file":http://github.com/markwu/todo-cli-plugins/raw/master/view

h2(#lately-report-of-recently-completed-tasks). __lately__: Report of recently completed tasks

Generate a list of recently completed tasks. Per default lately lists tasks that were completed during the last seven days. With an optional argument, number of days, that can be overridden to show more or less.

Examples:
<pre><code>$ todo.sh lately    # Lists tasks completed within the last 7 days
$ todo.sh lately 3  # Lists tasks completed within the last 3 days</code></pre>

"Download file":https://github.com/emilerl/emilerl/tree/master/todo.actions.d

h2(#repeat-mark-an-item-done-and-immediately-reenters-it). __repeat__: Mark an item done and immediately reenters it.

This is useful for repeating todo items where the date entered is important. This command simply marks
the given item as done and reenters it again, optionally at a specified number of days from the completion date, or a specified number of days from the due date where this is one. Priority is not preserved.

Examples:
<pre><code>$ todo.sh repeat 3 # Marks item 3 as done and recreates is as a new item
$ todo.sh repeat 3 7 # Marks item 3 as done and recreates it 7 days from now
$ todo.sh repeat 3 +7 # Marks item 3 as done and recreates it 7 days from the due date</code></pre>

"Project page":https://github.com/drobertadams/todo.txt-cli-addons/tree/master/repeat
"Download file":https://raw.github.com/drobertadams/todo.txt-cli-addons/master/repeat/repeat

h2(#recur-intelligently-add-recurring-tasks). __recur__: Intelligently add recurring tasks.

When run from a daily cron job (or similar scheduler), it will add tasks on appropriate days from a recur.txt file, while avoiding redundant adds of previously-added, not-yet-completed tasks.

"Project page":https://github.com/paulroub/todo.txt-recurring-tasks
"Download file":https://github.com/paulroub/todo.txt-recurring-tasks/blob/master/recur

h2(#google-sync-with-google-tasks). __google__: sync with Google Tasks

Push or Pull todo items to and from Google Tasks. 

Examples:
<pre><code>$ todo.sh google pull       #pulls tasks from Google
$ todo.sh google push       #push todo items to Google
$ todo.sh google push all   #push todo and done items to Google
</code></pre>

You will need to set up Google API access to use (see project README). 
Requires Python

"Project page":http://github.com/amcintosh/todo.txt-cli/tree/google-tasks-addon/.todo.actions.d
"Download file":http://github.com/amcintosh/todo.txt-cli/tree/google-tasks-addon/.todo.actions.d/google

h2(#standup-daily-standup-status). __standup__: daily standup status

An add on implemented in ruby that generates a "report" for daily standups based on your tasks. 

"Project page":http://github.com/civrot/todo_txt_actions
"Download file":http://github.com/civrot/todo_txt_actions/blob/master/standup

h2(#docs-sync-with-google-docs). __docs__: sync with Google Docs

You can now sync your todo with Google Docs

Sharing your todos with people is now possible.
You can also sync your todos with third party tools like aNotes.

Examples:
<pre><code>$ todo.sh docs pull       #pulls todo from Google Docs
$ todo.sh docs push       #push todo to Google Docs
$ todo.sh docs help       #display help
</code></pre>

Requires:
* Google account (!) with a folder/tag chosen for todos items
* "Google CL":http://code.google.com/p/googlecl

Installation:
* Install Google CL and configure oAuth by typing *google docs list* and following wizard.
* Then simply run *pull* or *push*, a quick wizard will ask you the name of the Google folder/tag to sync and voila!

_Author: Amaury Decrême - amaury.decreme at gmail.com
Licence: GPL http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html_

"Project page":https://github.com/amaurydecreme/todo.txt-cli/tree/addons/.todo.actions.d
"Download file":https://github.com/amaurydecreme/todo.txt-cli/blob/addons/.todo.actions.d/docs

h2(#mit-most-important-task). __mit__: Most Important Task

Bash addon to help you track your Most Important Tasks.

Examples:
<pre><code>$ todo.sh mit today go do something    # use today or tomorrow to create a mit
$ todo.sh mit friday stash millions    # use a day of week to create a mit
$ todo.sh mit mon water the garden     # use an abbreviated day of week to create a mit
$ todo.sh mit 2012.09.17 buy github    # use specific date to create a mit
$ todo.sh mit -h                       # get some help
$ todo.sh mit                          # display all mits
  Past Due:
    do something @home (12)
  Today:
    fix something @work (14)
$ todo.sh mit @home                    # display all mits in specified context
  Past Due:
    do something @home (12)
</code></pre>

_Author: Cody Buell_
_License: GPL http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html_

"Project page":https://github.com/codybuell/mit

h2(#hey-a-minimalist-crm). __hey__: a minimalist CRM

hey tells you one thing you should do regularly, but haven't done lately.

Examples:
<pre><code>$ todo.sh lf hey
1 @phone Mom (+1 234 567 8901) +family
2 @skype Dad +family
3 @email mentor
4 @write old flame <hot@example.com>
--
HEY: 4 of 4 tasks shown

$ todo.sh hey
37 @phone Mom (+1 234 567 8901) +family
TODO: 37 added
</code></pre>

"Project page":https://gist.github.com/4241425
"Download file":https://raw.github.com/gist/4241425/hey.rb

h2(#tmsa-commands-to-help-working-with-dated-todo-files). __tmsa__: commands to help working with dated todo files

Helper scripts to let you keep one todo.txt file per day, and move tasks between dated todo files. Intended for use with the cycle as desribed in Time Management for Systems Administrators.

Examples:

<pre><code>
$ todo.sh ls
1 Some task
2 Some other task
3 A third task
--
2013-06-11: 3 of 3 tasks shown

$ todo.sh bump 1
Some task
TODO: 1 bumped from 2013-06-11.txt to 2013-06-12.txt

$ todo.sh lf 2013-06-12
1 Some task
--
2013-06-12: 1 of 1 tasks shown

$ todo.sh lsa
1 Some other task
2 A third task
0 x 2013-06-11 Some task bumped:2013-06-12

$ todo.sh bumpall
Some other task
A third task

TODO: all items bumped from 2013-06-11.txt to 2013-06-12.txt

$ todo.sh lsf 2013-06-10.txt
1 Some task I forgot about
--
2013-06-10: 1 of 1 tasks shown

$ todo.sh verify
2013-06-10.txt

$ todo.sh bringforward
Some task I forgot about
TODO: all items bumped from 2013-06-10.txt to 2013-06-11.txt
</code></pre>

_Author: Mark Harrison_
_License: MIT_

"Project page":https://github.com/mivok/todotxt-tmsa

h2(#revive-re-add-items-from-archive). __revive__: re-add items from archive

Easily re-add tasks that you have previously completed back to your todo.txt list.

Examples:

<pre><code>
$ todo.sh revive
01 x 2013-06-25 My task
03 x 2013-06-28 Another task
02 x 2013-06-30 Some other task
--
DONE: 3 of 3 tasks shown

$ todo.sh revive 1
1 My task
TODO: 1 added.
</code></pre>

_Author: Duncan Eastoe_
_License: MIT_

"Project page":https://github.com/duncanje/todo.txt-revive
"Download file":https://raw.github.com/duncanje/todo.txt-revive/master/revive

h2(#again-recurring-tasks-made-easy).  __again__: Recurring tasks made easy.

again allows for easy completion and re-adding of tasks, with preserved
due dates and deferral dates (if any).

Tasks can be re-created in three different manners:
# Having any due dates and deferral dates set to today
# Having any due dates and deferral dates set to N days from today
# Having any due dates and deferral dates set to N days from their previous values

Examples:
<pre><code>
$ todo.sh again 31
31 x 2013-10-13 Test due:2013-10-14 t:2013-10-13
TODO: 31 marked as done.
x 2013-10-13 Test due:2013-10-14 t:2013-10-13
TODO: /home/foobar/Dropbox/todo/todo.txt archived.
30 Test due:2013-10-13  t:2013-10-13 
TODO: 30 added.
</code></pre>
<pre><code>
$ todo.sh again 31 10
31 x 2013-10-13 Test due:2013-10-14 t:2013-10-13
TODO: 31 marked as done.
x 2013-10-13 Test due:2013-10-14 t:2013-10-13
TODO: /home/foobar/Dropbox/todo/todo.txt archived.
30 Test due:2013-10-23  t:2013-10-23 
TODO: 30 added.
</code></pre>
<pre><code>
$ todo.sh again 31 +10
31 x 2013-10-13 Test due:2013-10-14 t:2013-10-13
TODO: 31 marked as done.
x 2013-10-13 Test due:2013-10-14 t:2013-10-13
TODO: /home/foobar/Dropbox/todo/todo.txt archived.
30 Test due:2013-10-24  t:2013-10-23 
TODO: 30 added.
</code></pre>

_Author: Niklas Thörne_
_License: GPLv3_

"Project page":https://github.com/nthorne/todo.txt-cli-again-addon
"Download file":https://github.com/nthorne/todo.txt-cli-again-addon/raw/master/again

h2(#top-see-the-top-tasks).  __top__: see the top tasks.

works just like <code>list</code> but truncates the list to fit in the terminal without scrolling or wrapping.
say you have 20 lines visible at a time in your terminal run <code>todo.sh top</code> and you'll see the top 16 tasks.
most useful when set as the default command with: <code>TODOTXT_DEFAULT_ACTION</code>

_Author: Jon Knapp_
_License: GPLv3_

"Project page":https://github.com/Thann/todo-cli-plugins

h2(#xp--print-a-readable-guide-of-your-accomplishments).  XP - print a readable guide of your accomplishments. 

XP prints the tasks completed on each day starting (x) number of days ago. You may also omit days on which no tasks were completed.  

Example (Saturday where tasks were only completed Friday and Monday with the o option):
todo.sh xp -o 6

<pre>
==========================
Monday : 2013-12-02 
==========================
x 2013-12-02 +ITSM some task I completed @work 
x 2013-12-02 +ITSM some task I completed @work
x 2013-12-02 +ITSM some task I completed @work
x 2013-12-02 +ITSM some task I completed @work
==========================
Friday : 2013-12-06 
==========================
x 2013-12-06 +ITSM some task I completed @work
x 2013-12-06 +ITSM some task I completed @work
x 2013-12-06 +ITSM some task I completed @work
x 2013-12-06 +ITSM some task I completed @work
x 2013-12-06 +ITSM some task I completed @work
</pre>

_Author: Chris Jones : christopher.donald.jones@gmail.com_
_License: GPLv3_

"Project page":https://github.com/gr0undzer0/xp

h2(#pri--change-the-priority-of-several-tasks-at-once).  pri - change the priority of several tasks at once.

pri ITEM#[, ITEM#, ITEM#, ...] PRIORITY
  For each ITEM#, calls command pri with priority PRIORITY.

<pre>
$ todo.sh list @test
45 Another task @test
44 One task @test
--
TODO: 2 of 45 tasks shown

$ todo.sh pri 44 45 A
44 (A) One task @test
TODO: 44 prioritized (A).
45 (A) Another task @test
TODO: 45 prioritized (A).
</pre>

"Project page":https://github.com/tonipenya/todo.txt-cli/blob/addons/.todo.actions.d/pri
"Download file":https://raw.github.com/tonipenya/todo.txt-cli/addons/.todo.actions.d/pri

h2(#rm--remove-several-tasks-at-once).  rm - remove several tasks at once.

rm ITEM#[, ITEM#, ITEM#, ...]
  For each ITEM#, calls command rm. Removes blank lines by calling the archive command.

<pre>
$ todo.sh list @test
45 (A) Another task @test
44 (A) One task @test
--
TODO: 2 of 45 tasks shown

$ todo.sh rm 44 45
44 (A) One task @test
TODO: 44 deleted.
45 (A) Another task @test
TODO: 45 deleted.</pre>

"Project page":https://github.com/tonipenya/todo.txt-cli/blob/addons/.todo.actions.d/rm
"Download file":https://raw.github.com/tonipenya/todo.txt-cli/addons/.todo.actions.d/rm

h2(#addr--add-task-with-the-projects-and-contexts-of-the-last-added-task).  addr - add task with the projects and contexts of the last added task.

A helpful todo.sh command when you are adding lots of related tasks. It simply appends the tags of the most recent item to the item you add.

<pre>
$ t add 'here is a a task +context +project'
59 here is a a task +context +project
TODO: 59 added.

$ t addr 'here is another task'
Appending: +context +project
60 here is another task
TODO: 60 added.
60 here is another task +context
60 here is another task +context +project
</pre>

"Project page":https://github.com/sachinrudr/todotxt-study-suite
"Download file":https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sachinrudr/todotxt-study-suite/master/.todo.actions.d/addr


h2(#lsgp--lsgc--prints-in-columns-organized-by-either-context-or-group).  lsgp / lsgc - prints in columns organized by either context or group

A print method for todo.sh that uses the entire terminal instead of just one column. It splits up your todo.txt either by context or by project. Although not shown below, it does show line numbers next to each task so you can easily refer to them.


<pre>
$ t lsgc
@play                                              @code                                              
(A) task                                           (B) task                                           
(C) task                                           task                                               
task                                               task +research                                     
task                                               task +tool                                         
task                                                                                                  
task                                                                                                  
                                                                                                      
@email                                             @context                                           
(A) this guy                                       (A) task +project                                  
(A) this guy +project                              (D) task +project                                  
this guy                                           task +project                                      
this guy                                                                                              
this guy                                                                                              
this guy                                                                                              
this guy                                                                                              
this guy   
</pre>

"Project page":https://github.com/sachinrudr/todotxt-study-suite
"Download file":https://github.com/sachinrudr/todotxt-study-suite/tree/master/.todo.actions.d

h2(#pomodori-todo-a-pomodoro-counter-implementation-for-todo-txt). pomodori-todo.txt - A pomodoro counter implementation for todo.txt

This plugin allows estimating pomodori, running a pomodoro countdown, and manually adding pomodori to todo items. Examples, installation instructions and a screenshot are available on the project page.

"Project page":https://github.com/metalelf0/pomodori-todo.txt


h2(#outline-plan-with-an-outline-sync-your-next-actions). outline- Plan with an outline, sync your next actions

**outline** is an extension for command line [todo.text](https://github.com/ginatrapani/todo.txt-cli) that allows you to plan your projects in a tab-indented outline, and sync only the *next actions* with todo.txt. Actions for editing and displaying your outline, syncing outline.txt with todo.txt, and completing tasks directly from the outline, are also provided.

A *next action* is defined as the first subtask with no subtask of its own under 1) a root task or 2) a task tagged with a project (eg. "+project")--unless the task or parent tree is tagged with *@someday* or *@maybe* (or as otherwise configured).

*Next actions* inherit the project tags and the nearest priority tag from their parent tree. Context tags ("@context") are not inherited. 

For the following *outline.txt*

  <pre><code>
(B) Walk the dog +dogwalk
    Get a dog
        Lookup animal shelters 
    Buy a +leash
        Lookup pet stores
    Lookup dog parks
Call mom @phone
@someday
    get my GED</code></pre>  

The following tasks will be synchronised with *todo.txt* (the id tags allow for synchronization between todo.txt, outline.txt, and done.txt despite editing):

<pre><code>(B) Lookup animal shelters id:1 +dogwalk
(B) Lookup pet stores id:2 +dogwalk +leash
Call mom @phone id:3</code></pre> 

using the *sync* action

<pre><code>todo.sh outline sync</code></pre>

More actions are available for editing, displaying, and synchronizing the outline. For more information see the "project page":https://github.com/samuelsnyder/outline-todo.txt


h2(#note--take-notes-related-to-tasks). note - Take notes related to tasks

This add-on allows to take notes related to tasks. Notes are stored in text files where you can write down any information related with the task. Just one file per task is allowed.

Example:
<pre><code>
$ todo.sh ls
1 Cook cake for birthday party
2 Fix bicycle
--
TODO: 2 of 2 tasks shown

$ todo.sh note add 1   # A note for task 1 will be created
1 Cook cake for birthday party note:cUn.txt
TODO: Note added to task 1.
Edit note?  (y/n)
y                      # The user agrees to edit the note
</code></pre>

<pre><code>
$ todo.sh note show 1  # Later on, the user wants to see the content of the note for task 1
# Cook cake for birthday party
A couple of cakes thar look great:
  http://www.terrificfantasticcakes.com/sacher
  http://www.evenbettercakes.com/tartadesanmarcos

$ todo.sh note edit 1    # To add something else to the note
</code></pre>

Author: Manuel J. Garrido
Licence: "GPL":http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html

"Project page":https://github.com/mgarrido/todo.txt-cli/tree/note/todo.actions.d


h2(#donow--activity-time-tracker). donow - Activity time tracker

Donow add-on allows to keep track of the total time spent on an activity

h3. Keep track of current work

Once started, Donow reports on the stdout the **current activity and the time spent on it**. Each 10 minutes (configurable) a **desktop notification** (that can be disabled) will remind you the current running activity, to avoid to forget to stop the timer when not needed anymore.

h3. Donow item format

When the timer is stopped using CTRL-C, donow will append a substring *min:total-time-spent* (being **time** expressed in minutes) to the activity description.
When the pattern "min:number" already exists, Donow just updates the counter.

Example:

<pre><code>
$ todo.sh list                                                                                                          1 design Python interface for Todo.txt
2 write a basic description of donow addon min:5
--
TODO: 2 of 2 tasks shown
$ todo.sh donow 1                                                                                                                            
Working on: design Python interface for Todo.txt 
[design Python interface for Todo.txt] 11 minute(s) passed^C
1 design Python interface for Todo.txt min:11
$ todo.sh donow 2                                                                                                                        
Working on: write a basic description of donow addon min:5 
[write a basic description of donow addon min:5] 12 minute(s) passed^C
2 write a basic description of donow addon min:5
TODO: Replaced task with:
2 write a basic description of donow addon min:17
</code></pre>

Author: Carlo Lobrano

"Project page":https://github.com/clobrano/todo.txt-cli/tree/master/todo.actions.d