If you've got a file called @todo.txt@ on your computer right now, you're in the right place. Countless software applications and web sites can manage your to-do list with all sorts of bells and whistles. But if you don't want to depend on someone else's data format or someone else's server, a plain text file is the way to go.

Problem is, you don't want to launch a full-blown text editor every time you need to add an item to your to-do list, or mark one that's already there as complete. With a simple but powerful shell script called @todo.sh@, you can interact with @todo.txt@ at the command line for quick and easy, Unix-y access.

h2. "Downloads":http://github.com/ginatrapani/todo.txt-cli/downloads

"Download the latest stable release":http://github.com/ginatrapani/todo.txt-cli/downloads for use on your desktop or server.

h2. Documentation

* [[User Documentation]] - Find out how to install and use Todo.txt CLI, and get tips and tricks.
* [[Developer Documentation]] - Contribute to Todo.txt CLI and build your own custom add-ons.

h2. "Mailing List":http://groups.yahoo.com/group/todotxt/

Get support and ask questions on "the mailing list":http://groups.yahoo.com/group/todotxt/.

h2. Platform Compatibility

@todo.sh@ has been tested on:

* Cygwin for Windows
* Mac OS X 10.4+ Terminal
* Ubuntu 5.10 / Sed 4.1.4 / Grep 2.5.1 / Cat 5.2.1 / wc 5.2.1

"Let us know":http://groups.yahoo.com/group/todotxt/ if you're using @todo.sh@ successfully anywhere else.

h2. Quick Links

* Original anemic release by "Gina Trapani":http://ginatrapani.org on 5/11/2006.
* Raised to great heights by "brainy and dedicated volunteers":http://github.com/ginatrapani/todo.txt-cli/network.
* Licensed under the "GPL":http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html
* [[Todo.sh Add-on Directory]]
* "Known Bugs":http://github.com/ginatrapani/todo.txt-cli/issues
* [[Todo.sh Changelog]]
* [[Other Todo.txt Projects]]