h1. Todo.sh CHANGELOG

h2. 12/6/2013 v 2.10

* Enhancements:
** Enable term filtering for listcon.
** Add make install command.
** Enable use of global config file in /etc/todo/config. make install installs a global config file.
** Allow use of post_filter_command for listall and listpri.
** Print usage help for custom action and all passed actions.
** Allow configuring null data files (done.txt and report.txt) and don't create them.
** Color contexts and projects without an add-on, just by setting vars in the config file.
** Place add-ons in subfolders (for easier git clone).

* Fixes:
** Handle -h, shorthelp and help when a Fatal Error happens.
** Properly replace date when replacing task with priority and date.
** Fix todo_completion problem with Bash 3.1.
** Improve code commenting/documentation.
** Refactor code for speed/better organization.
** Improve test coverage and test library.

* todo_completion
** Remove add date from line completion, ie, todo.sh ls 10[tab].

h2. 4/8/2012 v 2.9

* Added tab auto-completion of projects and contexts from todo.txt and done.txt. Type @<Tab> or +<Tab> while entering a task.
* Added new listaddons command displays installed addons.
* List priorities within a range using listpri. For example, to see tasks prioritized A-B, use todo.sh listpri A-B
* Fixed various cosmetic issues, bugs, and added developer test library enhancements.

h2. 9/13/2011 v 2.8
* User Enhancements
** listpri/lsp now filters by term. For example, @$ todo.sh lsp A book@ will only return tasks prioritized A with the word book in them.
** Improved portability for Dropbox or USB key users: If not specified, todo.sh checks for a config file in its own directory; default todo.txt location is todo.sh's directory
** Tasks with priority included and auto prepend date on (-t) get the date where expected. 
** Smarter action completion messaging: do, pri, and depri all let you know if a task is already done, prioritized, or deprioritized.
** Improved script performance thanks to optimized code
* Developer Enhancements
** Made more parameters available to offer more control to custom actions (-c, -A, -N, -T)
** Exposed cleaninput() for use in addons
** Custom action output no longer prefaced by TODO: so it's easier to see when the core script vs. addon is performing an action
** Improved testing framework:
*** Better escaped input handling
*** Abstracted make_action function to test custom action behavior
*** Added tests for source code compliance
*** Cleaner, simpler, modernized, optimized code
* Bugfixes
** listpri complains if specified priority is invalid
** Don't abort task listing when items contain certain escape sequences (\c \033)
** Condense whitespace ONLY whe task is quoted; automatically convert CRLF to space
** Added support for todo directory paths with spaces in them
** Don't delete | (pipe) from task input
** -+ and -@ no longer break task coloring if context or project appears at the end of the line

h2. 8/3/2010 v 2.7
* Cleanup: help messages, consistent output messages
* Added generalization of the PRI_X color support to all priorities
* Added highlighting of done, but not yet archived tasks via COLOR_DONE
* Exporting die() function for use in custom commands
* 'prepend' and 'replace' actions keep prepended date, 'append' considers sentence delimiters
* Color map (BLACK, ...) now supports spaces in the color definitions, making it possible to override the default ANSI escape codes with e.g. Conky tags (@${color black}@)
* Tests: several regression tests added

h2. 5/11/2010 v 2.6
* ???

h2. 5/5/2010 v 2.5
* ???

h2. 5/11/2009 v 2.4
* Cleanup: removing annoying trailing space on pri tasks
* Cleanup: Don't set colors in default todo.cfg.
* Cleanup: Don't set sort command in default todo.cfg.
* Added support for TODOTXT_FINAL_FILTER to provide a final custom list filter (a67d0de6254bed5f066e21f1cdcef5bbd8c34ec4)
* Added support for custom sorting (can set in todo.cfg)
* Added parameterize for .todo.actions.d directory
* Bugfix: listcon and listproj now work correctly on Mac OS X 10.5
* Bugfix: pri accepted priorities of more than a single letter
* Bugfix: support commands combination for TODOTXT_SORT_COMMAND; e.g. piped commands can be used: export TODOTXT_SORT_COMMAND=" env LC_COLLATE=C sort -f -k2 - | grep -m 10  .")
* Bugfix: Replace now echoes old item AND new item, like it used to
* Bugfix: Depri no longer wipes out tasks with more than just the priority in parentheses
* Bugfix: Now throws an error if you try to prioritize with more than one letter, ie, todo.sh pri AA doesn't work any more.
* Tests: Several regression tests added.

h2. 4/2/2009 v 2.3
* Separated _list function for reuse by various versions of list command to reduce duplicate code
* Added Hide priority, context, and projects options now enabled -P, -@ and -+
* Exported variables for use in add-ons
* Enabled recursive call of todo.sh from add-ons
* Set ls as the default action
* Added -vv option for debugging output
* Various cleanup
* Added short usage statement (that fits on one screen) with -h
* Added Makefile dist infrastructure for versioned releases in Downloads area on GitHub

h2. 3/2009 v 2.2 -- NO VERSION LISTED IN SCRIPT

* For awhile here during the GitHub transition, we stripped the version # from todo.sh and updated it kind of willy-nilly, so we're back-versioning all unversioned copies v 2.2.

h2. 2/23/2009 v 2.1
* NEW FEATURE: Added "pluggability" with ~/.todo.actions.d/ support (tx Tammy http://tech.groups.yahoo.com/group/todotxt/message/1739 and Ed for pointing it out)
* NEW FEATURE: Added -t param, off by default. When specified, it automatically prepends the current date to new todo's on add
* NEW FEATURE: Searches for more Unix-y ~/.todo.cfg if ~/todo.cfg doesn't exist (tx Ed http://tech.groups.yahoo.com/group/todotxt/message/1767)
* BUG FIX: Corrected "ambiguous redirect" bug with done file (tx Jeff http://tech.groups.yahoo.com/group/todotxt/message/1764)
* BUG FIX: Corrected usage and help message with new params
* BUG FIX: Corrected config file miscomment about colors

h2. 2/17/2009, v 2.0.1
* BUG FIX: Restored -d parameter functionality broken in 2.0 (d'oh, thanks Jason, you made the changelog! )

h2. 2/17/2009, v 2.0
* NEW COMMAND addto [DEST] "Text to add" will append text to any file in the todo directory, like ideas.txt or maybelater.txt.
* NEW COMMAND mv # [DEST] will move a task from todo.txt to another file [DEST] in the todo directory, like if you decide your "Learn French" task should go into your maybelater.txt file.
* NEW COMMAND depri # removes priority from a task.
* NEW COMMAND rm/del # [TERM] will delete just the [TERM] from the task on line # in todo.txt.
* NEW COMMAND: listfile | lf [SRC] [TERM] will list the contents of any text file in the todo directory, and filter by keyword [TERM].
* NEW COMMAND: listcon | lsc and listproj | lsprj lists contexts and projects, respectively, that appear in todo.txt. (Requires gawk.)
* NEW OPTION: On task deletion, line number preservation is on by default (known issue, leaves blank lines). Optional, can be turned off with -n option.
* NEW OPTION: Autoarchive on task completion is now on by default; can be turned off with -a parameter.
* FIX: Better error handling throughout for all commands.
* FIX: Archive now defrags the file (removes blank lines; see line preservation option.)
* FIX: using /bin/bash instead of /bin/sh
* EASE OF USE CHANGE: Separated config file into a non hidden dot file.

h2. 7/29/2006, v 1.7.3
* Update:  Added short action aliases -  add/a, list/ls, listpri/lsp, listall/lsa, prepend/prep, append/app, del/rm

h2. 7/28/2006, v 1.7.2
* Update:  do action removes priority from task automatically
* Update:  actions are now case-insensitive (ie, todo.sh Add will work)
* Update:  listpri automatically capitalizes lowercase priorities
* Update:  listpri now displays friendly error message, and the # of tasks returned in verbose mode

h2. 7/21/2006, v 1.7.1
* I'm a big dummy and didn't keep track of what I fixed here.  Sorry!

h2. 7/19/2006, v 1.7
* New Feature:  Interactive add, append, prepend and replace (tx, Ben!)
* New Feature:  Option -f forces delete action and disables interactive input (for todobot.pl)
* New Feature:  Action listall displays tasks from both todo.txt and done.txt
* New Feature:  Option -h displays full help message.
* Update:  A very short version of usage message displays by default instead of the long version.
* Update:  -q option deprecated;  Use -v to turn on verbose mode
* Bug fix:  No colors display for done tasks (tx, Tanja!)
* Bug fix:  Sort is now case-insensitive (tx, Lonnie!)
* Style:  Comment in info about .todo file being required

h2. 7/6/2006, v 1.6.3
* New feature:  Line numbers now padded (up to 100) (thanks, Tanja!)

h2. 7/5/2006, v 1.6.2
* Bug fix:  Windows config files with spaces now work (tx Ron)

h2. 7/5/2006, v 1.6.1
* Bug fix:  No colors mode (-p) now works as expected
* Change:  The default location of your .todo file is now $HOME/.todo

h2. 7/4/2006, v 1.6
* New feature:  New action prepend adds text to an item at the beginning of the line
* New feature:  Configuration file is now separated from script into .todo file
* New feature:  Specify a config file other than .todo using the -d option
* New feature:  New option -q quiets todo.sh's chattiness.
* New feature:  New option -V shows version and license information.
* Change:  The option to turn off colors is now -p (no longer -nc as in 1.5.2)

h2. 6/26/2006, v 1.5.2
* Bug fix:  Items that start with "x " (no quotes, notice space after x) are archived now to avoid lines that start with a word like 'xander' from being archived.  (tx, Tannie!)
* Bug fix:  report now only archives items that start with "x " as well.

h2. 6/26/2006, v 1.5.1
* Bug fix:  Items with an x in them at all were being deleted on archive with 1.5;  all fixed now.

h2. 6/24/2006, v 1.5
* Bug fix:  Colors show in OS/X 10.4 (tx SETH & misha)
* New feature:  Option to turn off colors (to avoid characters in piped text files or IM bot), ie  todo -nc listpri
* New feature:  A date is added to a completed todo, ie x 2006-06-24 (tx SETH)
* New feature:  remdup action added which removes exact duplicate lines from todo.txt (tx Tannie)
* New feature:  del action now removes any blank lines from todo.txt (tx Tannie)
* Style:  Using sed -i instead of copying tmp file (tx Tannie)

h2. 6/17/2006, v 1.4
* New feature: Tasks are color-coded by priority in Cygwin (Thanks, Abraham, Manuel and Luis!)
* Bug fix: If you replace/do/append to a non-existent task, your todo.txt is no longer overwritten and the error is handled gracefully. (Thanks, Scott!)
* Style: Switched endless if-then's to a case statement, and tightened up wc -l regex. (Thanks, Sash!)

h2. 5/29/2006, v 1.3
* Bug fix: Todo's are now sorted alphabetically when listed by a term, ie, todo list flowers
* New feature: Displays the number of newly added todo (Thanks, Amy!)
* New feature: Confirms whether or not you really want to delete a todo
* New feature: Displays success messages and confirmations on append, replace, do, etc.
* Style: Alphabetized command workflow in if/then construction
* Style: Tightened up sed commands, removed unnecessary grep's and cat's (Thanks, Sash!)
* Style: Added licensing information in comments - (GPL, baby!)
* Style: Stripped whitespace around number lines from wc results
* Change: Removed filenames from report.txt format (for easier graphing or Excel imports)

h2. 5/15/2006, v 1.2
* todo list matches multiple TERMs, ie, todo list mac offline will match all lines that contain the words "mac" and "offline"
* list is case insenstive, ie, todo list Mac will match lines with "mac" and "Mac" in them
* repri and pri actions combined into pri action (Thanks Mike!)
* quotes no longer required with add and replace (Thanks Karl!)
* any priority added to a todo must be uppercase to preserve sort order, enforced now, ie todo pri 1 a will return a usage error.
* file "sanity checks" and cleanup function, test script and various fantastic stylistic improvements added. Extra big thanks to Karl!

h2. 5/12/2006, v 1.1.
* Supports file paths with spaces (ie "C:\Documents and Settings\gina\todo.txt"

h2. 5/11/2006, v 1.0.
* Consolidated into one master script with usage notes and released.
