h2. Getting Started

* [[Quick Start Guide]] -- how to download and install TODO.TXT CLI
* [[The Todo.txt Format]] -- what your @todo.txt@ file will look like, and Todo.txt CLI's built-in project and context notation support
* [[Todo.sh Changelog]] -- the latest fixes and feature news

h2. Tips and Tricks

*Access todo.sh from anywhere in the file tree.* Add the following to your ~/.bashrc file (~/.bash_profile for Mac and Cygiwn users):

<pre>
          PATH=$PATH:"/path/to/your/todo/scripts"
</pre>

*Avoid typing todo.sh every time.* Add the following to your @~/.bashrc file@ (@~/.bash_profile@ for Mac and Cygwin users):

<pre>
          alias t='todo.sh -d /path/to/your/todo.cfg'
</pre>

Then you simply type @t add laundry@ from anywhere in your file tree to add a task.

*Hide the configuration file by renaming it @.todo.cfg@.*

Access your remote server's @todo.txt@ via ssh. If you have a shell account on @remote.server.com@, alias your @todo.sh@ commands to do the same thing as usual but prepend @ssh username@remote.server.com@ to them. Something like:

<pre>
      ssh username@remote.server.com todo.sh list
</pre>

Displays the remote todo list.

*Integrate your todo.txt onto your desktop*

* "Windows with Samurize":http://lifehacker.com/software/plain-text/download-of-the-day-samurize-189273.php
* "Mac OS X with GeekTool":http://www.lifehacker.com/software/top/download-of-the-day--geektool-185802.php
* [[Linux with Conky]]

h2. Customize Todo.txt CLI with Add-ons

* [[Todo.sh Add-on Directory]]
** [[Creating and Installing Add-ons]]

h2. Related Projects

* "Simple, iPhone-friendly web interface for todo.txt-cli":http://github.com/smajda/todo.txt-web/tree/master
* "Todo.txt AIM Bot":http://github.com/ginatrapani/todo.txt-aim-bot/tree/master
* "Get Milk":http://github.com/jdevera/get-milk/ imports all pending tasks from a "Remember The Milk":http://www.rememberthemilk.com/ user account